docs(changelog): warn Ubuntu package users not to overwrite edumfa.cfg (#1095)
eduMFA/eduMFA: READ_BEFORE_UPDATE.md

> The 3.0.0 release of eduMFA is planned to remove multiple features. This will be announced as soon as there is a complete list. A work in progress list of removals can be found at: https://github.com/eduMFA/eduMFA/issues/875
>

> [!CAUTION]
>

> > Due to new fields in `edumfa.cfg`, updating your Ubuntu package will cause apt to ask you to replace it. Replacing that file will result in losing the secrets set in it (and you having to add those secrets back). If needed, add the new fields manually to your existing `edumfa.cfg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Due to new fields in `edumfa.cfg`, upgrading via Ubuntu packages prompts apt to replace that file. Replacing it can remove secrets from your current configuration, so keep your existing file and add only the new fields manually.
```

Author: I've applied your change with two small changes:
1. apt prompts the user, since apt itself can't be prompted if that makes sense
2. replaced can with will since it's unambiguous

Is that also fine with you? If you don't agree I would also be fine to just take your suggestion.
